Magnet-Run
==========

Magnet Run is the final project for Lauren Broadwell, Claire Farrokh, and Sophie Giuliani. The purpose of the game is to have fun. The game begins with a start screen that gives you options of 'Start,' 'Instructions,' and 'Credits.' If 'Start' is selected, you are given the option of choosing to be Lauren, Sophie, or Claire. Once the player is selected, the game begins. The student is attempting to escape from class, get safely through the hallways, and get out of the school. The student will have to avoid the teachers pacing the hallway. If they are caught by a teacher, they will either be directed to a minigame, recieve one LOP, or be let off with a warning. If the student is directed to a minigame they have one life to redeem themselves and be let off with a warning. If they lose the mini game, they will recieve one LOP. If the student receives 3 LOPs, the game is over. As the student moves, they get more 'Miles.' There will be little power-up faces that look like Mr. Stanko scattered around the hallways, and if the student picks them up, they receive 5 bonus miles. There will be very rare power-ups of faces that look like Mrs. LeBrun, that, if picked up, give the student 10 bonus miles. Since the game begins with the student on the second floor, they are able to cross the bridges into AIT and APA, where they will encounter another minigame for sudden death. Once the student has collected 200 miles, they are able to access the bottom-left and top-right staircases. However, the student should generally avoid the bottom-left staircase, as being caught by Mrs. Ryan will result in immediate termination. The objective of the student is to escape via the top-left exit to the parking lot. Once they have exited the building, they win the game. 
